{"lang":"en","availableLangs":["en"],"content":"Welcome to the Cooked to Booked webinar. I'm sure you know our host today, Sam McKenna, CEO and founder of Sam Sales and Morgan J. In Engorgan, CEO and founder of >> And he came with the spatula. He brought a spatula. >> I'm prepared for cooking, so I prepare myself. >> I'm sorry to say, I was hoping to have a little ratatouille sitting on my shoulder, but he didn't make it here in time. We do have a little bit of background of why this webinar is called cooked to book. It's all about sales emails, sales messaging, and getting your red lines revamped to start fresh. Morgan, tell us a little bit about why we went from cooks to books and how you and Sam started, how you've known each other. You've been friends for a few years now. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, how this all came to be is about two weeks ago, I posted when I was in SDR back in like 2016, 2017, how I used to get cooked when I would send messages and they were absolutely terrible. And even Sam texted me like our first messages and I was like, what was I even what was I saying? Like, it sounds like, well, I don't know what I was on. But Paige had commented on that post and said, oh yeah, like you're getting cooked a book. And then I was like, wait, that should be something we should talk about and actually help some people out. Which then led into this webinar. And Sam has been an amazing person to know in my career if you all see the amount of voice notes that we sent back and forth to each other. And she's willing to give her time to give advice and help me along my journey in being a founder. But we first connected back, I believe in 2017. We were both on the same panel at Rain Maker Sales Loss Conference back in the day and we've continuously supported each other since then. So awesome to know you and I'm excited to be here. >> That's so good. I I think you're going to be pretty excited about this, but I'm going to share our screen really quick and show that first DM. I'm going to put you out there and show this is our first DM between >> like what was I doing? >> Here's my favorite part about this you guys. So my favorite part is knowing the friendships that have been created from LinkedIn and looking back at the formality that we had in the early days like hello how do you do great to meet you and that's Morgan and I and now it's a little more chill a little looser in our conversations but it's great to have been buddies for so long and great to have shared my first major stage with you too at the ring maker conference like you said I was really pumped about that was a big one >> it was it was it was awesome experience shout shout out to Rmaker >> yeah huge audience member All right, Paige, we'll stop going down memory lane. Okay, we want to make this webinar super tactical and get into the frameworks from both and also start redlining your emails. Let's get into it. Sam, tell us a little bit about show me you know me, our trademark methodology, how it came to be and why it's so important. Yeah, really quick before we go in. So, a couple of notes. Uh, for those of you who are brand new to us, and I see some new names, I see some very familiar names as well. Hi, friends. But for those of you who are new to us, show me you know me. If you can squint back here and see on the wall, as Paige said, is our trademarked methodology. It's all about the idea of doing your research in advance and figuring out how do you cut through the noise and how do you show people you've made an effort. So part of that is the research, right? How we write a subject line that really stands out, cuts through the noise of an executive's inbox. But the other part of show me you know me is how do we write something substantive enough, right? Interesting enough, hooky enough in the email that actually converts. How do we get executives to read first to open? That's half the battle. But then to read it and say, \"This is worth my time.\" So, one of the things that you're going to find today is as we talk through our emails, and Morgan and I might have a little bit of a debate, too, on the length of the email and what it should look like. And that's okay. We're here to argue. But I think what's important is that we've got just a couple of seconds to earn somebody's attention and then convince them to meet with us. So, this is what you guys can see on the screen. This is our framework. This is what our clients get when they do our show me workshops with us. So, check out a couple of things. What makes a perfect email in our humble opinion? What makes a perfect email? Starts with our subject line and it starts with our first sentence. So the thing that's really normal or really important here is that we have a subject line and a preview text. Right? Look in your inbox. You can see exactly this subject line and preview text that compels somebody to open that email. If you guys look at running podcast plus Chicago pizza as your show me you know me subject line, raise your hand if that makes sense to you. Nobody. Nobody. It's because the subject line was written just for this one person. So maybe I read an email to Morgan and I'm like spatula plus pickle ball plus # Sam Sales. Let's say he doesn't know what Sam Sales is, but he was just in a webinar where he brought a spatula. He is a pickle ball fan through and through. But if I send him that, it's going to cut through the noise of everything else that's in his inbox, which is like, you know, you say AI to scale your business times 100 emails. We want to think about that preview text, that first sentence. So when you think about what we normally see is, \"Hope this finds you're doing well,\" right? And Morgan, you could probably open up your spam and see that times 100. Hope this finds you're doing well. So let's think about how we can put a sentence together first in the subject line that makes no sense. And then that first sentence, steal ours. We might say something like, \"We've yet to be properly introduced, but I'm Sam McKenna.\" And or we might just dive right into the show me, you know me. Right? So maybe I'm reaching out to Morgan and I'm like, \"Hi. Oh my god, your latest pickle ball post. Can we talk about this?\" I'm just going to go right in. So subject line first sentence. We got that. We got the open. The toughest thing of all to get outside of the reply. Average open rate 6%. So if we can get this open, we're in a good spot. Now we want to think about the show me you know me. We want to tie the dots together of what we're saying in the subject line. But then we want a transition. So you might use a transition like the real reason for my outreach is I'd love to sell you my products. A little more tactful than that. But we need the transition because what Morgan and I typically see in emails is it's like Sam I see you went to FSU. Go NLES companies like yours are buying products like ours to do XYZ. And we're like wow. So think about the things you write in the email. Would you say that out loud? Is that the way that you would transition email? If not, we probably need a transition, right? If I I'm gonna go with Sarah, Kylie. If I see Sarah at a conference, I'm not going to be like, Sarah, like I see you love pickle ball. By the way, companies like Trrenz are buying Sam sales to do XYZ. She's going to be like, that was a really awkward transition. So, I've got to find a way to move off that one topic and go into the other. Now, let's think about the value. What are we going to say in terms of the value proposition? So, challenge storytelling. What is the challenge the buyer is going through? And what's the so what of what you bring to the table? If you say this is what we do, do you want some of it? You're just like every other email. So, we have to really think about what is that challenge that that specific buyer persona has and what's the so what? What's the value proposition? What's the thing that's going to move the needle for them? Take a peek at what we wrote up here. Given the modern sales organization you are, I suspect you're a LinkedIn sales navigator customer, but I suspect your reps don't use it as much as you like or the full breath of its capability. If there's anything outside of emails that Morgan and I can talk about, it is sales navigator. So if you ever want some nerdery on that, you call either one of us. But this is all that a rep might say and then might say, \"We can help train your teams on it. You want to talk to us?\" No, we've gone through training. We have a CSM at LinkedIn. We don't need you for that by and then delete it. So we have to think about what the issue is that we can solve. What's that so what? How can we talk about loss subversion? How can we get to something? How can we get them to think like, \"Oh, is that the reason we're having an issue? Is that what we haven't tackled? Is this why that other training didn't hit before?\" Got it. And then we get to our close. The close before we get to that has to be the hidden or forthcoming objection. So, let's say I say, \"Listen, your teams aren't using Sales Navigator because you haven't been trained correctly. We have a CSM for that. We don't need you.\" So, I have to think about what that objection is going to be. I have to think about what they're thinking. What's the most common thing I hear when I try to sell whatever it is I'm selling and get around it in the email? Does this make it long? Yes. But the odds are non-existent that somebody's going to object, respond to you, and then wait for your rebuttal. If you already know what their objection is going to be, if you know what it likely is going to be, get ahead of it. Get it right in here. And then the final thing before I stop talking and pass it over to Morgan for some thoughts is the close. Right? We fail when we close and we ask for um meeting time specifically. So instead, ask for interest. You've surely heard this before, right? From Gong says sales off to all the platforms say ask for interest. The data shows instead of saying can we meet at 2:00 or worse sending a calendar link. Ask for interest. Interested in hearing more? Would love to share some of this with you if you have time over the next week or two. Ask for that interest versus that specific time. And real quick on the calendar link, why shouldn't I send a calendar link? It's so easy, so straightforward. The reason I personally don't like the calendar link in Outbound is it puts the onus on the buyer. First of all, it's very presumptuous. But if I really, really, really, really want to be selfish, I am now asking somebody to look at their calendar compared to mine that is chuck full of internal things. So, let's say Monday at 2 is the only time they can meet for the next 2 weeks, but it's blocked for me. Well, Monday 2 is actually my one-on-one with Paige, which I'm always looking to get out of. So, I can move that. If they just tell me that, I'll move it internally with Paige and I'll prioritize the buyer. Speed up my deal. And then lastly, how to sign up. Thanks. Cheers. Take care. Talk soon. Just avoid best. I always think best is a little passive aggressive. Morgan, Alice, stop talking for a second. Thoughts, feedback? What's your insight? >> Just for a second, though. >> Hold on a minute. I would say this as well and I think everyone here that's a sales leader or rep can agree to this is that I want to actually double down on the cornerstone of this right which is the show me you know me and really reading that email out loud like when you do this process like read it out loud so that you could evade being awkward because when you read it out loud you're like wait that doesn't even that doesn't even sound right okay so I should probably not send this email so that's like the layer I want to add on top of that. And yeah, I would tell people do not put your calendar link inside of a email. I think some people see it as passive aggressive as well. And I've heard more people have a conflict with it than they like it. If I know you, that's a lot different. But if I don't know you, if someone's just throwing a calendar link at me, I'm like, yo, like I don't even know you like that. I've also gotten that feedback when I was getting cooked. I would send calendar links and people be like, I don't know who you are. So I'm coming off experience of getting cooked, which is what we don't want. I think you make such a good point at just doubling down on the read out loud part. So like you think about all these things that we've seen across emails that like every guru on the planet says you should do and let's look at one of them. The whole idea of the pattern interrupt. Would it be the worst idea for us to have a meeting? What would be the worst idea for us to meet and talk about this? Would you say that out loud? Would you again I'm meeting Sarah turn zero at a conference. If I say to Sarah like, \"Oh, this is so great. We can help you solve some things.\" Would it be the worst idea for us to have to have a meeting? She'd be like, well, no. Yeah, because it's really creepy the way you said that. So, read the stuff that you write. And would you normally say that? Is that how you would speak? You don't have to use this language. We can be personal. >> 100%. And I think that's the thing. Like, >> a lot of the emails that we'll probably even go today, right, if you read it out loud, it's like, wait, that doesn't even sound like how you would have a normal conversation >> with somebody. And I that's the biggest miss. >> You don't have to be a robot. You can be you can be yourself. Be a little casual while still being professional. >> Exactly. >> All right, Paige. What do we got next? Okay, Chef Morgan, now good cook off your brain war cold email. We're going to give you a chance to share your framework as well. >> Cool. All right, mine is super straightforward and also it's an inspiration from Sam. And I think that's all I want to actually call this out as I share this because it's very straightforward and I'll kind of break it down to you all. One of the most important things that I learned as an SDR as I was getting annihilated is that you want to learn from people that are actually doing well. So, as you see here, I literally have what Sam just talked about here at the beginning because my belief is that when you are doing any type of outreach or sales, go find the people who are already doing well and then make it your own. And so, you'll see how I did that here. So, this is a five-step process. Then, we'll get right into the emails and I'll explain what all this means. You'll notice all of this is very similar to a degree but some nuances. So the first thing I believe it is that you have to make an observation. And the way that I look at an observation is three different subsets. So an observation when you reach out to someone is either something personally is happening with them. So they posted something went on a podcast, they commented on something on LinkedIn. So that's something personal that you can gather. The second thing is something that's happening at the company. So someone got promoted, some people are getting hired, maybe they open up a new office, maybe there's a 10K report. And then the third thing is like the persona. So what is actually happening in the world of a VP of sales, a VP of customer success, HR leader, IT, etc. My belief and everything I've seen and Sam and everyone will probably attest to this is that if you don't lead with one of those three things I just mentioned, the likelihood of you having a relevant email is extremely low. So everybody that I coaching said, you need to have an observation. If you can't tell me you have an observation, then you're just going to default to writing an AI slop email, which we all know is going to get deleted and then you're going to start with hope all as well because because you're just hoping that things are well so they'll just reply to you. So it's too much too much luck and chance. So that's why we focus on observation. we focus on those three subsets and then we say okay out of these three things what are we then layering in to actually have the message right so that's the case there then the next is the context what I've seen over time is that you don't make an observation without adding context to the actual observation itself so an example of that is like hey I just saw you hired five reps okay cool but what exactly does that mean you could say hey I noticed that you hired five reps typically when we see that that means that you're trying to onboard them and making sure that they can hit their number and then now you can actually segue into the painoint. The goal of the context is that we want to provide what the observation means so then you can provide clarity on what is actually going on based on your experience which again leads into that painoint. I directly will mention that painoint. I like to use language of like hey I'm not sure or like this might be happening based on the observation because we don't exactly know but I like to add that language in that this is probably happening based on this observation. then based on that painoint, here's how we potentially could solve that. And then a call to action. Sam already just said all the stuff I said, so I'm not going to repeat that. I'm align with that. So when I look at emails and reaching out to people, these are the five steps I always look for to make sure that when I'm sending out this email or reaching out to somebody, it follows these five things, which we'll obviously talk about here in a minute. >> I saw this this segment on the Today Show once that said that for every one word a man says, a woman takes 11 words to say it. And I think seeing our plays right up next to each other proves that exactly. Yours is a nice clean one-pager with like 14 words. Mine is 14 pages with 5,000 words. So I think I mean there's the proof of the pudding, right? >> Actually, >> it was really great. Actually, in the segment they had couples and they were like they put them side by side. They say, \"How did you meet?\" And the guy's like, \"We met at a bar.\" And the girl's like, \"Okay, well first I was going out with my girlfriends and we were talking about what we're going to wear.\" It was fantastic. Anyway, I digress. But I think what you guys can see, right, is there's a pretty specific structure to both of our plays. And it's really thinking about what do we understand with the buyer, what are we seeing, what do we know that's going on with them, right? And then finding a way to prove value. And when you think about that, the higher you go in the executive ranks of who you're targeting, the busier they are, the worse their inbox looks and the least amount of time they possibly have to give to anybody. So to the kind of shorter, longer, what should we do? Should we just say an observation? Should we say what we do and then hope that they take a meeting? What if everybody else does that? What if Morgan and I send identical emails to someone and we say, \"We can help train your teams on Sales Navigator. Do you want to meet with us?\" Who are they going to pick? If the emails are identical, flip a coin. Who do they pick? What you have to think about is what's your unique value proposition? What can you teach them in that email? How do you get around the objection? If they say, \"We have an incumbent. We don't need you. We already do that.\" If we say we can save you time, and they say we don't really spend a lot of time here. Bye. How do we think about those objections and get them to say that's smart. Let me see if I can spend some time with you. >> 100%. >> Let's dive into our emails because I know we have a bunch of examples. All right, let's get into the email. Here's the first one. Hi Samantha. I'm reaching out from company redacted accounting and tax to see if Sam Sales could use a fresh approach to tax and financial strategy. We specialize in helping business owners cut their tax bills by 50% or more and build financial strategies for future security and generational wealth. If you're open, let's chat for 10 minutes. I think you'll find it worth your while. >> Best. A best. No. The best. The passive aggressive best. No. So, this is an actual email that I got. And Morgan, do you have some thoughts or you want me to break down first kind of what my impressions were? >> Yeah, I'll break this down because I know this is the one you got. The main thing here is to not be general when you throw out percentages or anything in an email. Actually, this is like the number one thing I want to talk about because I see this quite often and if your team does it, I would stop because it's like, all right, we specialize in helping business owners cut their tax bill by 50% or more. >> Depending on how much the business owner is making, that could be extremely drastic, right? So I think the thing is there is that like I'm calling this out immediately is that if you're going to put in a number you need to be very clear like we specialize in helping business owners who have a revenue of 1 million to 5 million and we can cut them by 50%. if you have that actual data, that would be a little bit better here. But that's actually the first thing I saw and like this could be a false promise because now even if you do get the call and then you find out you can't do 50%. Now we started off with a lie in the beginning and I would prefer not to do that. And so like I think that's the first thing I want to call out. Second thing is the call to action. I think let's just stick with one thing. I don't think I've ever had a conversation with someone for just 10 minutes to like figure out what's going on. So, we also know that's probably not going to be true. So, I think that's another thing I would say as well. >> The length is short, so we could we could call out for that. It's not too long, so at least we could give it the length. But those are my thoughts immediately. >> I think a couple things. You can't see it here, but the subject line in this email was just this person's company name plus my company name, right? So, I open just about every email I get, mostly for FOD, just like this, or things to use in our deck. So be warned if you do email me, just show me you know me and I promise I'll respond. But I think just a few things. So reaching out from this company to see if Sam Sales Consulting like it very easy to see that it's just a copy paste or brackets or whatever. Brush approach at tax and financial strategy. We don't need a fresh approach. Let's just say that's it. We don't need a fresh approach. We love our accountants at Orba. We love our guys at Baird. We're good. Bye. See you. Delete. We specialize in helping business owners cut their tax bills by 50%. Which tax bill do you mean? the one that I actually owe to the IRS cuz that would be a big deal. And how are you going to do that without fraud of some kind? Two, are you talking about the tax bill that I pay to Orba? So, we pay about $12,000 to do our tax prep every single year. It's not a small amount of money, but cutting it by six grand, I don't know. That's that attractive. How much time is that going to take? What am I going to have to do? How am I going to have to set things up? I change a bunch of things with my team involved. Is it an expensive thing to save $6,000 for our team from resource perspective? I don't know what she means specifically. And then the 10 minutes part, exactly what Morgan said. Nothing's getting done in 10 minutes other than this is what I do. Do you want some of it? Not really. Thanks. Anyway, so what I would say here, and I think this goes along for any anything you're doing from a professional services perspective, tax, accounting, wealth advisors, right? Like probably get five or seven outreaches every single month from people who are like, \"Hey, I think you probably make a couple bucks. We'd love to manage your money.\" And I'm like, \"You and everybody else. I'll pay things high.\" What's the value you can offer here? So, if there's a strategy, how do you do it by 50%. One of the key things I see entrepreneurs miss is this one particular thing. Talk to your tax guys. If you guys aren't doing it, and it's one of seven proactive things that we can think of that you might be missing. Oh, if you're a wealth adviser, one of the common things we do is tax harvesting at the end of the year. If your adviserss aren't doing that, it's one of seven proactive things that we can do. So imagine right your buyer then goes I go to my tax my wealth people and I'm like do we do tax harvesting and they're like oh no we should probably do that and I'm like what do what so now you've created FUD right fear uncertainty it out I go back and say well it sounds we like they weren't doing that what else are you guys offering that we should be doing what value can you provide in this email that proves to this person that you're competent you know something you know them and that convinces them the 10 or 30 minutes of time will be worth it. Yeah. >> Cool. Okay. >> Question on this one. Does anything stand out to both of you? And Morgan, maybe I can start with you on this one. Does it matter to you if the email is in a block of text like this or broken up into separate paragraphs? >> I think that's a personal preference at the end of the day. I actually like that it's like this because it reads to me like a text and it takes me like two seconds to read it. So, if someone were to send me this, I would prefer that. But I also think that some people would not like this. >> So, I think it's a personal preference. If it was longer, I wouldn't like it. But I dig the block. It's totally totally fine. But if there were a few sections, right, the show me, you know me, the value proposition, so what? And then the booking. If you had that all smooshed, I would just delete it. My eyes would cross and then I delete it. >> I would also say I want to add to this before we move on. This actually is like really important. I also do this as well sometimes is if you read it out loud like I talked about earlier and it's like, yo, this sounds like too stiff. you could always put it into AI and just tell it to remove the jargon to like get you thinking about ways to approach this differently. So that's like another thing I'd recommend because like there is a lot of jargon here. So I would be like, \"Hey, just remove the jargon and then find more simple words to convey your point as if you were having a conversation.\" So I'm not saying use the exact same thing that the output AI has, but it is a good way to think about it so then you can have a better approach. Yeah, I will say that I responded to this email and I do sometimes something that if you guys have followed Kyle Coleman on LinkedIn, like one of the original creators on LinkedIn, so smart. Um, but he used to do the same. He would respond to STRs to people like this and be like, \"Hey, here's some tips.\" And I never hear back. I never ever get a response or somebody is like, \"Ah, thanks.\" And I'm like, \"You are welcome.\" So, by the way, if somebody responds, even if they say no or they give you advice, life-changing email advice, just respond and say thanks and appreciate the person. All right, Paige, on to our next job. Sam, I'm going to let you respond first on this one since Morgan started the last one. Congratulations on the fantastic ABNB news. And I have to say, it's pretty cool to realize that all the beer brands I love are actually ABNB brands. I didn't know that before. As a fellow beer enthusiast, I was absolutely delighted to see Corona Crown number one. It brought back some fun memories from my early marketing days running Corona campaigns. So, it's great to see that recognition. While that digress, the really for my outreach is that I see that you are based in NYC. I'd love to personally invite you to our round table event in NY on October 9. We're gathering a small group of senior FPNA leaders like yourself to chat about scaling teams, AI's impact on finance, and future trends. We'll wrap up with a relaxed happy hour. It's complimentary, and if you'd like to join us, just let me know and I'll send over a quick form to save your seat. Hope to see you there. But Sam, I'll start with you on feedback. >> Cool. Couple of quick things. So, one, fellow beer enthusiasts here. So, kindred spirits, I'm with you. I think this is where I actually think longer emails are good. I think this is one where we could have made it shorter and really succinct. I think just as Morgan had said, cutting out the jargon, but maybe just some of the repetitiveness, right? So, like the inb news, I have to say, pretty cool. Albeir brands, AB brands. I didn't know that before. I think we can just smoosh that together and then just cut to the chase of the invite. Maybe you even just tie it at the end. You could tie the show me You know me and say we'll wrap up with a relaxed happy hour perhaps even featuring Corona which I was excited to see was recently crown number one. Like you can tie it together right in a little bit of a different way there. I think this is actually a very good value prop. The two pieces of advice I would give you outside of the shortening of this is one subject line. Make sure your subject line is really really clear that it's an invite you're inviting them to. So, if it if you're burying a lead and it's all the way down of the invite that you're extending, they may not even open it to begin with. Two, let's say this is your 19th email in a chain that you've been working to try and get them to respond to. One cool hack that you can do here is put the invite before the re of your subject line. So, let me say that again. We have the our re subject line is our let's say it's great. Show me you know me and after 18 emails you have not broken this person to respond to you. So now this is your 19th touch before the re I would say something like FNP leaders event something like that NYC October 9th super super short but make it clear that it's an invite. Let me tell you why real quick. Um, I live in Washington, just outside Washington DC in Northern Virginia. And when I can't remember what the year was, but when the Knots were the Nats here, the Nationals baseball team, when they were doing really well, we got a suite for work and we invited everybody to come and nobody responded. Nobody wanted to come to our kidding me. Why? Because we buried the lead. Nothing was in the subject line saying that we were inviting them to an event. As soon as we put that in the subject line, everyone's like, \"Yes, I would love to come.\" And we're like, \"Yeah, I'll bet you and everybody else.\" So just think that subject line is so so important. The final thing I would say is who else is coming? So you might say senior f FPNA leaders but who right? So I get a lot of these invites for DC as well. We're inviting fellow founders things like that. And I'm like what does that mean? Because that could mean like a bunch of insurance salesmen who are really excited to sell me their insurance. Not there's anything wrong with that. Or it can be fellow entrepreneurs right that have companies of XYZ value. So, the more specific you are about these are going to be your people that you're around, the better. Morgan, what do you think? >> Yeah, this is my favorite email. They cooked >> spatula is out. >> They clicked on this email cuz people are like they actually this is actually like a a very good vision of an email, right? Because most people don't have that, right? So, I would say a couple things. I would actually move the first two sentences to PS. I actually don't think they need to be in the body of the email. I don't think a lot of people use PS enough. I find that PS is really really good when it's like this doesn't have anything to do with the email, but it's a good additional piece, right? It's like the cherry on top when you finish the cake. So, a good PS will take you a long way because a lot of people are like, \"Oh, yeah, like congrats, you went to this college.\" It's like, okay, just put that in the PS and like you're fine. Like you're going to be okay. So, that's what I would say to do there. I think leading with as a fellow beer enthusiast is actually the way to go and just like and just like you said >> instead of saying while they digress and there's obviously some grammar things we can fix here I would just say anyways and then go into the value prop right that is a natural transition from okay we've made a good observation here you've added some context and then okay let's get into like the painoint and the problem now I don't think you even need the piece of that hey like digress whatever it's like hey anyways here's I'm reaching out then say, \"Hey, exactly what you said. I'd add context on what leaders are relevant in that space.\" I don't know what leaders are relevant in the FPNA space, but there probably are people if you mention them, they would show up. Just like you said, Sam, if there's certain founders that would show up at an Arizona event, I'm going to show up. But if it's just like founders, it's like, well, I don't really know because I don't want to waste my time. So adding context is important. So that's what I would say there. I really like your subject line piece. >> Saying she's been trained on show me, you know me. So, it's like this is just a marketing plan for us right here. >> No, exactly. This makes sense. >> I promise it wasn't. I will say too though, you know, I've used the beer angle before. There's a a distribution company. I think it was in Mississippi and they keep coming to our site with their executives go to our site and they one of the beers that they distribute is the spotted cow beer. If you're a Wisconsiner, you know this beer. I have never had it. I'm dying to get my hands on it. Please, somebody ship it to me. Just one one bottle illegally. I won't tell anybody. But we've used that in our show me, you know me, and our subject lines. They actually come to our site for things. We use that in our subject line to be like, take a meeting with us and they don't respond. So sometimes there can be intent, there could be interest, there could be all the show me you know me, there could be beer knowledge and they're still not excited. So don't be hard on yourself too if all of your show me doesn't work. It won't always. There are no silver bullets. I think a really cool fall pier though would be if you had a picture with this beer. >> Yes, >> that that that is one thing I will say if you did not get a response from this, I'd follow up with a picture of the beer. I think that would hit. >> It's such a good call. And we you know what we found? One of one of our clients is Neielson IQ. So, I'll give them a quick shout. And their president of I think it's SMB now, but he's been promoted again. Andrew did this really cool brand campaign on LinkedIn where he had reps go and find the brands that they were trying to close deals with. Take pictureselves and write LinkedIn posts about it. Really smart. So yeah, go and send a picture of yourself at the grocery store with this beer at home with the Corona and the lime, whatever. It doesn't even have to be of you. It can just be your beer on your counter. And again, maybe at an appropriate hour, like not 8 a.m. I don't know. But I think I think that can go a long way. >> It could. >> Paige, off to you. Okay, let's move on to the next emails and then we'll hit some questions before we get into the next one. And Morgan, I'll start with you on this one. What are your first thoughts? >> So many thoughts. >> Okay, so the thing is y'all is most of us have been in AI for quite some time. And the thing is that you could no longer, let's say, trick people if you just used AI and that was the output. Right? So that's immediately what I think. Now, this could be incorrect, but like when I see certain things, I'm like, \"Ah, yeah, this could be just like AI written, right?\" But what I will say to get a little bit deeper is it's going back to what I said earlier. We partner with platforms like this tech. That doesn't give people enough context because I could say that in any realm. What's important is to get some context here on what type of actual platforms are like this tech. So, do you have an exact use case? Do you have customer quote? These are like really good things to do. So, for example, if I were to rework this email, I would be like quote from whatever platform is similar to this tech that's in the space and I would actually have a customer quote in here talking about like, hey, your customers are leveraging us. Here's a direct quote from a customer that we work with. This is we know this is a painoint. Let's meet. So here this is very vague because it's like okay we partner platforms like bant techch like but what does that mean? Everybody can scale payments. People know it's a painoint but have you worked with someone like me to have the confidence to reply to this? So when I see this email that's my main core feedback is that this is just like hey yeah we partner people but what type of people? Who are those people? What have you done for someone else? That's the questions that people are going to have which is going to lead to that question mark because again we see here, hey, we're already working on Pierce in your space. Okay, who are those people though? And so that that becomes the main obstacle and why people won't reply because it's too vague. And I would even say if we go down here, it happens again. This past year, we've held companies like one on the stage. Okay, who are those companies though? Can I have some context? What's going on? So again, if we go back to the framework, there has to be context here because now it's just like, yeah, we just work with other people, but it's like, who are those people? So I know Sam has more things you might pack here, but that's actually my main feedback. This would change the entire email if you just stated who those people are. And if you can't even name the company, at least give us a use case of what that looks like. Because if you just throw, hey, we're working on the people, but not contextualizing saying it, it will lead to people not trusting it. >> I think this is I think it's perfect. And I think too, like this is a great call out for leadership because I think when we look at this, we see this exact same email across a thousand different companies. So the format, the structure, and everything, this is definitely from leadership versus something that we've written ourselves, right? So we're basically just doing what leaders tell us. So think about a few notes here. Both of these emails to me are here to kind of like hook somebody, but for our benefit without giving them something in return. So look at this. Like I know payments are a core part of your business model today. You don't say accepting payments is a core part of our business model. Yes, we need revenue in order to survive. Thanks. But there may be gaps where we can add value immediately. What gaps, right? The last thing I want to do is get on a call, tell you about our process for you to hear everything, and then say, \"Oh, yeah, we don't help with any of that.\" Tell me what the gaps are, right? Give me at least one. So, educate me. Give me something to think about. Create that FUD, that fear, uncertainty, and doubt. show me something that I'm not thinking of that for that first email if you say there's maybe there are maybe some gaps where we can add value for instance did you know that your the average Stripe payment rate is 5%. And with this one flip we can take you to 1.9%. I went on your site I saw you sell a ton of Sam shorts. I did some quick math based on your playbooks and how many you've sold. We could have probably put $32,000 back in your pocket last year. Worth a chat? Yeah, I would like $32,000. Thank you so much. Right, think about that. Do your research. That would get me on the phone. The other thing, exactly what Morgan said. What other companies, all of that matters, but improved cash flows? Oh, cash flow is pretty good. Healthier client experiences through payments. I don't think we definitely pissed them off. It's not through payments. Just getting just getting higher and reduced costs. I mean, across payments, I don't know how much we spend there. It's not really giving me a sense of what we can save. And again, what's the resource cost that I have to put in for what output? So, think about something where you can get more tangible when you think of those objections. Improve cash flows. We have great cash flows. Oh, really? Well, what about this and this and this? Oh, I didn't think about that. So, think about what you can state, what you can teach, what you can educate them on in that email. If you've gotten the open, if you've done the show me, you know me work, right? How do we convert them through tangible stuff in that email? >> Okay. Um, we had two questions that are related. So, Caroline said, \"How do you think about referencing when many customers strike the ability to use a logo or name in their contracts?\" James said, \"Using other client names in any context within my industry is strictly forbidden.\" So, how would you frame the messaging when they're in those situations? So like the main thing I've run into this a couple times is you can just vaguely state it's like well who is this example one time it was like one of the top 10 financial services companies use us for this this example or like one of the top 10 market cap companies use us for this right so you can like vaguely mention all right if you use logical conclusion it's one of these people in these companies without staling company but I'm looking beyond that there just needs to be an example of how you've actually done something and solved the problem with the person, which is like the correlation of what Sam's talking about, what we're talking about here. It's just like there are just some other people we've worked with without any context on who those people are, what you've done. So, if you said, \"Hey, yeah, we've worked with one of the top 10 companies within your space in healthcare and here's exactly what we did.\" You're not naming the company, but you're still using you're still inferring context clues on who this might be while still using a leverage point in there. Again, that's a random example, but I'm just giving you a context on like how you do that. Even if you can't do any of those things I just mentioned, you still need to mention, hey, out of these people, other people you work with, here's something that we did. There needs to be a contextual example, regardless of if you can name them or not. >> I think I would add to that, this is one of the places where I would try to push back, especially as a small business, on the logo. So, if you have the ability, if you're in the T's and C's, etc., and it's one of the first things they strike. I found find that council strikes it cuz it's an easy one and people are just like, \"Yeah, okay, whatever. We'll get somebody.\" But if you come back and say, \"This would be really beneficial. This is the only way that we'll use it. We might reference that we work with you vaguely, but not specifically what we do.\" See if you can find a way to allow that. We do have a couple of brands that don't allow us to use their logo, but they'll allow us to talk about it. So, we might not be able to put it on their site, like LinkedIn is one of those, but we can talk about it in emails or we can say what we do with them. We just can't have their logo because of the red tape. So, see if you can squidge around with those terms and conditions too. Okay. Email five. I'm just going to run through this, make it easy for you. By name, I'm reaching out to introduce myself. Thank you for the calibration business you do with company in New Jersey. I'm the new regional sales manager, facility validation, environmental monitoring, and calibration services in the Eastern US. I'm going to be in Eastern PA area on Tuesday, September 16th and would love to stop by for an introductory meeting to see how company can win additional calibration and environmental monitoring support to your facility at Adair Front Bioar. I have the following times available for a meeting currently. Thanks Joe. Okay, let's start with Sam on this one. Sam, what are your first thoughts? I think the again subject line, you're going to be in the area. Make sure that call to action is super super clear up there. I think you guys know that by now. Two, this sounds like a meeting that's going to serve you, right? So, what what am I going to get out of it? What is it that you want to talk to me about? What is it that you can do to lend value to me? I got the additional calibration and environmental monitoring, but it sounds like you just want to come in to pitch me. I think the other part that makes me nervous is I'm then new, right? So, the sales manager, what does that mean? Have you been there for 17 years and you were recently promoted, reassigned? Is this your third month on the job? and I'm going to have a lot of questions that you're not going to be able to answer. So, I think sometimes we devalue ourselves by saying new, right? But just talk about you're going to be the area love to chat. You have some great ideas to share about things that their peers are doing. You can look at the work maybe that they're already doing with you. If this is an existing client and just say you use these products, but most of our clients use that plus this, which leads to this. If you'd be down in chat, don't say that, but if you'd be down in chat, I'd love to swing by anytime. Let me know if you've got some times that are open. I would also just say on this note, make sure that if you are going to do business with company in New Jersey, where are you going? What does this person Eastern PA? I'm going to be in Eastern PA. Oh, okay. Two things to say. One, if you're going to be in the area, you should one should never travel. If they have one anchor meeting, you should have 17 other meetings around that. So, one of the things that I found thought was so obvious was I'm going to maximize my time when I'm in Atlanta or Eastern PA or whatever, right? But then I would get a rep on my team who's like, \"Yes, I went to Atlanta for one meeting and I was there for 3 days for one meeting that lasted 30 minutes.\" And I'm like, \"Were you hanging out with Morgan back in the day when he was there? What were you doing?\" So, like crank >> that would have been lit though. >> Yeah. Crank it out. Two, transparency and honesty is always a good thing. And so I will tell you in my very early days I had sent an email and said I was going to be in this Colorado town. I was like I happen to be in this Colorado town for other work. I would love to meet with you. I was not going to be in that Colorado town. I was just hoping that they would finally bend and take a meeting with me because I was going to be there. I can't even remember the name of the town but it has one stoplight. That is how small this town is. And so they were like who are you here to visit? We probably know them. And I was like So, honesty for the win always. But I will say I do see a lot of advice that says to not go the honest route on LinkedIn. So, I see advice that says I'm hosting a dinner for CMOS. I'm not hosting it yet. I'm just waiting for you to say yes and then I will be like I think we can choose a little bit better honesty in our lovely profession of sales. Right. My last note there. Morgan, what about you? >> I'm want to echo something. I'm a 100 percent in alignment with leading with transparency. Even if you were to get those meetings and you lied or whatever, I just again starting off with the lie is never the best thing to do. I just think that from an integrity standpoint, I feel like that's just not the move. So I'm with Sam on that one to go further into this. So I'll give like a very tactical example. So what Sam said, if you all are traveling and going anywhere, don't just do the one thing. Like next week I'm going to Amsterdam to go speak somewhere, but I'm not just going to speak. I was like, cool, I'm going to meet with these people. I'm reaching out saying, \"Hey, I'm coming here. I'm doing multiple things.\" And the reason why I'm saying that and why it's important is because on this email, that's what needs to be stated here. You need to be coming in with a certain frame. This comes in from a frame of desperation. I'm new. I'm reaching out to introduce myself. I'm gonna be here. I'd love to stop by. Everybody loves to do something, right? And I have these following times. It just comes off as like you're only coming in to meet me versus the reframe and what Sam's talking about and what I'm alignment with is I'm already coming to this place. I'm already meeting with these three people. So, it'd be great to meet you as well. That's the frame. And I don't even talk about like the copy or anything. I think what we need to talk about here is the frame of how to approach these emails when you go somewhere. It's like I'm already doing something while I'm here. It'd be great to meet with you, but you got to have the energy to be like, if I don't, it is kind of is what it is. That's the energy you need to write this email with and already kind of mention what you're already going to be doing because like, wow, okay, I want to be a part of that versus like, oh, this is brand new. Like you your point, Sam, I don't really know you yet. I'm a little concerned. We don't want them to have that response to energy. >> Yeah. Hey, I think another thing just to think about depending on the size of the company you're going to go visit, especially if you have the tiniest footprint already and you're looking to expand or if this is your first meeting, see how if somebody responds to you and says, \"I'd be happy to meet with you.\" Or again, if you're meeting with your existing client but want to expand within their office, if you're going somewhere where it's a campus, like let's say you're going to North Carolina and you're going to SAS. SAS is a massive campus in North Carolina. Say, \"While I would basically just like to spend the day at your building, who else can I meet with? Who else? Who are your peers in different divisions? Can you walk me down? Remember, some of you might not remember, but like when you got walked down the hall, right? Like your main champion took you and this person. I mean, you just cleaned up with meetings and connections and follow-ups and being able to continue the conversation. Do that again, right? This is your chance. I think before the hot takes, I just want to mention one other thing here. I think there's some of you on the call that have maybe never done an on-site before, right? So, we talked to a lot of sellers who have never been to a conference, have never boothed before, have never done on-site before, and they're like, \"The hell do I do? Stand in the booth and stare at my phone?\" No. So, just a couple of notes. Making sure that we're there, especially if you're going in a big city, Chicago, New York, whatever. It's going to take you time to get through security. So, one thing I would say is make sure you're early. Traffic is not an excuse. Whatever is not an excuse. Like, if I have a meeting at 9:00, I am in the Starbucks in their building at 8:00 like a total nerd just waiting and relieved that I'm on time. Two, the other thing is think about stuff to bring. I think we've kind of lost the art of like bringing cupcakes, bringing a snack, bringing something. Even if it's like a corporate yeti that you want to bring. Come with a gift. We don't go to people's parties without a gift to light people. It's something to leave behind. Where did these cupcakes come from? Sam was here earlier talking our ear off. It's something to leave behind. Okay, rapid fire. >> Yelling at each other about the length of emails. >> Let's do it. >> There's a lot of ways we could go with this and we only have six minutes. So, you've been friends a long time. What are some topics that could break up your friendship? Connection, leaving a note in the connection request versus no note. Length of emails. I'll let you pick between those two. Sam, maybe we start with you. Connection requests or length of emails? But you might find out you're aligned. Let's see. Oh, man. What do you you, Morgan, you pick? I can't. >> The biggest beef we've had is the connection requests. I think I think when you comment on my post, I was like, \"This this actually might ruin everything. I might become a secondderee connection.\" I was actually like pretty nervous about it. I was like, \"Oh, no.\" Like, we actually have a legitimate disagreement. But the Blake connection request just wins. I I don't I wish it wasn't the case, but like I could only look at >> I wish you weren't wrong. >> No, it's the blank connection request. Everybody knows it. I know we want to say it's personalized. I don't get it. But the blank wins. It's just >> Okay, here's here's the debate. You send a connection request to somebody. You guys are all connecting with Caroline Hold right now. You send a blank. You guys are probably like, \"Crap, I already connected with her. What if I did the wrong thing?\" Well, here you go. If you haven't, I'm here to save you and Caroline will accept your connection request. Morgan thinks volume is king, right? So, don't send contacts. Hit the connection, call it a day. I think send contacts because if we look at most executives inboxes, those connection requests, they are packed to the gills with connection requests, they are hot messes. When we find them and we help them with their LinkedIn strategy and so the ones that stick out, I that's what I do too. I scroll through to the ones that actually made an effort and then I'm like, who is this? Those are the ones I clear out first or the ones where I can tell like it's probably a bot or something like that. I go through and I'll clean those out. So, I don't know. Wait, we should have done a poll. We're gonna >> I think everyone's just gonna be against me. The thing is it's fine but but what I would say is you are that there's a component that is correct. So let me add context to this. The thing is is that when you have a good profile, you have a good headline and you don't look like your profile picture is like you're being interrogated in a cave, there's a highly likelihood that people are going to accept you. Plus, there's an inverse to this. The reason that a lot of people don't accept things that have notes is because most of the time that people have notes and they have like we have the same synergies. They've been burned so many, you know, they've been burned so many times that even if the note was somewhat good, they're nervous and afraid they're going to get pitched. So, they'd rather accept something that is blank because they're like, \"Well, okay, it's a little bit ambiguous. It's mistress.\" This is what I've been told. Let's let's end on this that we should never ever ever ever use the word synergies in our in our email anything. You might as well say come here often. I mean synergies just just like instant purel of your entire body. >> All right you guys, this has been a blast. Morgan, we should do these more often. Thanks for thanks for buddying up and doing this uh with us. We're really excited. Thanks you guys for all the questions and for boldly submitting your examples too. We really appreciate it. And if this is helpful, say hello on LinkedIn, share us with your friends and come around next time. >> Oh, by the way, Caroline did accept my connection request and it was blank. So I'm just Well, all right. Yeah, it's right there. It's just more data proof. I don't have to tell you. >> She said she was accepting them all. Oh, we have synergies. Thanks you guys. Have a good day."}