{"lang":"en","availableLangs":["en"],"content":"You've watched every LinkedIn content video on how to write content on LinkedIn that makes you go viral and gets you leads. And all of them are the same. Start with a winning hook, use [music] this template, hack the algorithm by using this specific format. And none of them do anything for your personal brand and business. [music] Because all of these things are tips and mean nothing if you sound exactly like everyone else. Sure, that might get you started, but it's exactly [music] what is keeping you stuck in that same starting point. You even see it. You open LinkedIn and everything looks the [music] same. The same post done by 10 different people. And those who get busy copying others are losing to their competitors who actually [music] have a competitive advantage. They're the same people you're seeing right now getting the speaking [music] opportunities and the high ticket deals that you want. And in this video, I'm going to reveal the three components that make this ridiculously simple to make this happen [music] for you. Look, the reason why I'm saying all of this is that in the last year, my LinkedIn content has generated over 50 million views. And I can tell you right now, none of that was an accident. [music] Since 2023, I've been following the exact same process every time I sat down to write content. Been [music] through every single LinkedIn algorithm change. I built an algorithm proof content strategy that works no matter what changes. But first, I need to share a cold hard truth with you that's going to save you months of wasted effort. Your LinkedIn posts are not getting you clients [music] and people aren't even seeing it. And it's not because you don't know how to write a hook. It's not because you're not posting enough and it's not because the algorithm hates you. Here's the actual reason that no one will actually ever mention. You don't have a content problem, you have a positioning problem. This is why every single LinkedIn post you ever write feels disconnected from the last one. Nobody can explain what you actually do in one sentence. When you look at Dan Martell or Alex Hormozi, you immediately think business [music] sales, or marketing. That clarity is not accidental. It's positioning. And the people winning on LinkedIn right now are not the people with the cleverest hooks. They're the people who have built such a clear association [music] around their name that every post reinforces the same idea over and over again. The difference between you [music] and them isn't the books they've written, the million-dollar launches, or the millions of followers. Otherwise, people like me and my clients wouldn't have gotten four features, podcast interviews, and being able to generate thousands of dollars a month in revenue from our LinkedIn accounts alone. The difference is understanding that building your LinkedIn isn't [music] about posting content. What I've been doing and continue to do is focus on three components that work together to do exactly that. I call it PCC: positioning, content, and conversion. So, in essence, what this means is that immediately as someone scrolls on your LinkedIn, you're positioned from the first second they see you to be that person that can be trusted. Once that trust is earned in those first few seconds, you then retain it and then turn it into attention by solving a problem or giving a solution. >> [music] >> And then, you convert them as a result of your ability to nail both of the first two components. [music] This is why if you've only nailed one, you're not getting any results because if there's no trust, there's no attention. If there's attention but no trust, there's no conversion. If there's conversion but no attention, you can't scale. You need to escape these cycles of hell that keep you stuck. And it all starts with positioning right here. Let me explain how these work. Positioning is the split-second decision someone makes about you when they see your content for the first time. Positioning is a deliberate decision about how you want to be known, who you want to be known by, and what you want to be known for, [music] and then consistently showing up in a way that builds that specific perception over time. This is actually so obvious, so in the nose almost that people keep on ignoring it, but let me tell you another thing that people just dance around and never say, but I will. Just because you are good at what you do, consulting, human resources, hiring, AI agents, software, design, these are just skills you [music] have. Each one of these has been or is being commoditized by AI. And this is not me trying to scare you, by the way. The solution is right here. AI today may be able to compete with you on scale, but it can't replicate the way you think about your industry based on your years of experience [music] in doing it day-to-day. It also can't replicate your hard [music] and results and failures that built your skill or business. Because, ladies and gentlemen, positioning is also proof. It's where you show up. It's who you're seen with. It's the conference you're speaking at, the podcast you're appearing on, what your LinkedIn profile looks like when a stranger lands on it for the first time. It's the screenshots, the client results, the systems you built, the case study that makes someone go, \"Okay, this person actually [music] does what they say.\" If you're telling me that you can scale a business to six figures, show me how you've done it or show me the exact framework that makes it [music] obvious you know how to do it. And before I lose you on this, because I know so many people may watch this and think, \"Okay, well, I don't have the million-dollar case study.\" You don't need it. Your proof just needs to be believable, specific, visible, exactly like this book says, \"Show your work.\" That's positioning. Point of view plus proof. And once someone decides to trust you with their time and attention, the next question is, can you retain it? That's where content comes in. In general, all the best LinkedIn content is divided into two camps, [music] educational content and storytelling content. These two specific formats serve different purposes. Educational content is for the logical right brain audience, the person who wants the framework, the steps, the proof, the proof that you actually know what you're talking about. Storytelling content is for the emotional creative left brain audience. [music] The person who needs to see themselves in you before they trust you enough to follow, let alone buy from you. The problem that I see today though, with both types of content, is that they are done in a vague and even selfish way. [music] How to build a personal brand? Step one, post consistently. Or another one, I sold my business, fire emoji. I worked really hard. Okay, congrats, but what's in it for me? What actually works on LinkedIn right now is specificity [music] so sharp it feels like you're reading their mind. For example, this post. After exiting four businesses at eight figures, here's the exact playbook I'd run if I was exiting a service business in [music] 2026. That is sharp and straight to the point. I know I'm getting something out of reading this and the right keywords were being used. Exiting four businesses, eight figures, [music] exact playbook, service business in 2026. The post has weight on it. Your educational content needs to solve one specific problem with your specific experience and the proof that the solution actually works. With storytelling content, instead of specificity being the center of attention, the point [music] is transformation. For example, 2021, I exited my first business for eight figures after four years. In 2026, [music] I built and sold my next one in six months. Boom. That's not a fluffy story, that's proof of concept delivered through emotion. Educational content says, listen to me. Storytelling content says, I'm just like you, just a little bit further ahead.\" Both of them build trust. They just do it through different doors. And if you're struggling with ideas, this is what HubSpot's LinkedIn viral post database solves. They've taken the most viral posts from entrepreneurs and creators across different industries and broke down exactly why it worked, show you the exact post so you can see how it's formatted and written, [music] and they even tell you what niche they're in so you know what would be more relevant for your audience. I love this post by Tom in that viral swipe file is one of my all-time favorites. It went crazy viral, and now if I wanted to write something similar, I [music] can choose this as my storytelling template and use the structure used here to guide my writing. Oh, wait, I've actually done that. This post right here was a result of doing that. It works. You don't need to waste time learning. Steal like an artist instead. Link is in the description, and thank you to HubSpot for sponsoring this video. Now, what you want to do when writing content is to simply focus on one problem, one angle, one person you're writing [music] for. Then, make it so specific that only you could have written it. This is where content stops being content [music] and starts becoming an engine for your business. And now, ladies and gentlemen, for my favorite part, the part that you've been actually waiting for, the money part. Because what's the point of nailing your positioning and writing incredible content if it doesn't turn into revenue. [music] Here's a flow that I need you to think about. Your content gets seen, someone reads it, feels seen, [music] trusts you, and clicks on your profile. That's step number one, and most people actually don't even get that far. So, if you're already there, good. That already puts you ahead of 99% of people. Now, your profile has one job, one. >> [music] >> Give that person somewhere to go. And this is not a just follow me, [music] not a just DM me, a next step that captures them before they scroll away and forget you [music] even exist. That next step is your lead magnet pinned on your featured section on LinkedIn and even posting about it once a month. For those that don't know, a lead magnet is something so good, so useful that people would feel stupid saying no to wanting it. It could be a framework, a toolkit, a free resource that solves one painful problem right now. They comment, they DM, they opt in and in exchange they give you their email address. That's usually the price of a free lead magnet and it is a fair trade. And after you get to translate that attention from LinkedIn into something you own, your own list, you own that relationship now. You are no longer at mercy of the LinkedIn algorithm betting on a post being seen. You have their email, you have their permission to show up in their inbox every single week and now [music] you send them value consistently until they're ready to buy. This could come in many forms, a welcome sequence, a weekly email, an offer when the timing feels right. This is where the money actually gets made, not in the post, it's in the follow-up. I've said this multiple times but 70% of my revenue historically has come from email. It's a big lever for me. What I've been doing for the last 3 years is that I send weekly long-form emails that give value to my users that subscribe to that email list. And then when it's time to sell and I have an offer we have specific time campaigns that last between 5 days and 15 days all focused on problems, case studies and solutions. This works incredibly well but you need to have done your positioning and content right in order to get people in that list to start with. On the other hand, for those watching this without an email list with over 50 subscribers, let's say, you can still find a way to land directly into a warm buyer's inbox through DMs. These are the people who comment on on content, view your profile and add you as a connection. These are people signaling interest. All you need to do is take the next best step to have them signal buying intent. The first few messages should move interest to conversation, not from interest to sale. You're not trying to close anyone [music] in message one. You're trying to get them talking to you. For example, this is something I usually send to people that I think may be [music] a warm lead. That was a great conference shot name. Great seeing more CEOs talk about specific thing. Are you doing more of these talks this year? This uses three things: specificity, human touch, and end with a question about them. Not about you, not about your offer. After you send that first message and they reply, you should find a threat. Ask one good follow-up question, and then another one after that. What you're looking for here is two things. Number one is a frustration they mentioned casually, or a goal that they're working towards. You get all of this by being genuinely curious and actually asking them about them without you trying to get them to convert to your next offer. The question that works best to follow up is simple. How long have you been working on that? Or, what's been the hardest part of it so far? Or another one, what does that look like day-to-day for [music] you? This helps you understand engaged interest before you even offer anything. And then after you get the right data and the right conversation going, and this is where you actually offer help. You turn it from questions to actually seeing if you can offer your offer from that conversation alone. By the way, I can actually break this down step by step if you guys want and would find it useful, but today I want to keep this very high level. But essentially, that process makes DMing and even sending weekly newsletters less cringe and more like I deserve to help these people. Now, if you get this right, your LinkedIn will go from a place where you post into the void to a client generating machine that finally works. While everyone else is obsessing over viral hooks and algorithm hacks, >> [music] >> you now understand the real game, PCC. Positioning, content, conversion. So, let me recap it. Positioning isn't just what you do, it's how you want to be known and having the proof to back it up. Your specific experience and results that AI can never replicate. Content that actually works comes in two ways. Educational content so specific it feels like you're reading someone's mind and storytelling content that shows real transformations. So, a quick hack for you, stop being vague and start being visceral. Conversations happen in the follow-up, not just the post. Capture them with a lead magnet, own the relationship through email, and that's where the real money gets [music] made. But, here's my challenge to you. Don't just watch this video and move on. Most people will. They'll get excited for 30 seconds and then go back to posting the exact same generic content that got them zero results in the first place. Be different. Pick one thing from this video and implement it this week. Just one. Maybe it's writing one piece of content so specific that only you could have written it. And just a last hack, if you're a business owner or an entrepreneur, I send weekly long-form breakdowns on the best ways to build your personal brand and a profitable business inside of my newsletter. So, if you want to join it for free, I'll leave the link down below. And if you're making over six figures a year in your business, we're opening up enrollment for my one-to-one and group mentorship again this month. So, you can apply in the link which also down below. I'll see you on the next one. Bye."}